INTMDB-472: Update_snapshots doesn't save at TF state with mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule resource (#1014)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/cloud_backup_schedule.html.markdown

* `reference_hour_of_day` - (Optional) UTC Hour of day between 0 and 23, inclusive, representing which hour of the day that Atlas takes snapshots for backup policy items.
* `reference_minute_of_hour` - (Optional) UTC Minutes after `reference_hour_of_day` that Atlas takes snapshots for backup policy items. Must be between 0 and 59, inclusive.
* `restore_window_days` - (Optional) Number of days back in time you can restore to with point-in-time accuracy. Must be a positive, non-zero integer.
* `update_snapshots` - (Optional) Specify true to apply the retention changes in the updated backup policy to snapshots that Atlas took previously. 
  

>   **Note** This parameter is not updated on return from API

Reviewer: @martinstibbe this "Note" is not clear (at least to me). do you mind making more descriptive to help future users?

>   **Note** This parameter is not updated on return from API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Note** This parameter does not return updates on return from API, this is a feature of the MongoDB Atlas Admin API itself and not Terraform.  For more details about this resource see: https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Cloud-Backup-Schedule
```
